tiflash: Add warnings about LOCATION LABELS on ALTER TABLE ... SET TIFLASH REPLICA (#21692)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/create-tiflash-replicas.md

    Note that the `flash.proxy.labels` configuration in earlier versions cannot handle special characters in the available zone name correctly. It is recommended to use the `server.labels` in `learner_config` to configure the name of an available zone.

2. After starting a cluster, specify the number of TiFlash replicas for high availability. The syntax is as follows:

    ```sql
    ALTER TABLE table_name SET TIFLASH REPLICA count;
    ```

    For example:

    ```sql
    ALTER TABLE t SET TIFLASH REPLICA 2;
    ```

> 3. PD schedules the replicas of table `t` to different availability zones based on the `server.labels` in the TiFlash node's `learner_config` and the table's replica count `count`, ensuring availability. You can use the following SQL statement to verify the distribution of a table's Regions across TiFlash nodes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. PD schedules the replicas of the table `t` to different availability zones based on the `server.labels` in the TiFlash node's `learner_config` and the number (`count`) of the table's replicas, ensuring availability. For more information, see [Schedule Replicas by Topology Labels](/schedule-replicas-by-topology-labels.md). You can use the following SQL statement to verify the distribution of a table's Regions across TiFlash nodes:
```

TiFlash supports configuring the replica selection strategy for different zones. For more information, see [`tiflash_replica_read`](/system-variables.md#tiflash_replica_read-new-in-v730).

</CustomContent>

> **Note:**
>

> > In the syntax `ALTER TABLE table_name SET TIFLASH REPLICA count LOCATION LABELS location_labels;`, if you specify multiple labels for `location_labels`, TiDB cannot parse them correctly to set Placement Rules. Therefore, do not use `LOCATION LABELS` to configure TiFlash replicas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In the syntax `ALTER TABLE table_name SET TIFLASH REPLICA count LOCATION LABELS location_labels;`, if you specify multiple labels for `location_labels`, TiDB cannot parse them correctly to set placement rules. Therefore, do not use `LOCATION LABELS` to configure TiFlash replicas.
```
